the relatives of some Israeli hostages
have been taking part in protests
against the delivery of Aid at Key
border crossings into Gaza Aid agencies
say the flow of supplies is already
insufficient to meet the needs of the
hundreds of thousands of people now
displaced inside the territory with
families and particularly young children
bearing the brunt after four months of
war the prices of basic supplies parents
of young children need here have
skyrocketed diapers are running low and
high prices mean many parents can't
afford to buy them at
all while baby formula is hard to come
by a displaced mother says she's forced
to feed her infant daughter ground rice
and biscuits even though it's making her
[Music]
sick it's common knowledge that this is
unhealthy for babies we know that it's
causing intestinal distress bloating and
colic you can see she's like this around
the clock crying
nonstop last week we had to take her to
the Alexa Hospital four times we know
it's harming her but nothing's
available what can we
do some women are now using cloth to
replace
diapers how can I get diapers my
husband's unemployed and gets assistance
the spread of disease in refugee camps
is creating an even greater need for
medical supplies some 85% of
Palestinians in Gaza have been displaced
since the start of the war doctors warn
densely populated camps pose even a
greater risk of illness for young
children what we're now seeing going
around is Hepatitis
A the infection resulted from densely
populated places due to the war and
displaced people
intense meanwhile at Israel's Kum Shalom
Crossing with Gaza Israeli protesters
including far-right groups and relatives
of hostages continued to block trucks of
humanitarian Aid they're calling for
deliveries to be halted until hostages
held in Gaza are
released we are here from all of the
country H for stopping the trucks from
getting in to Gaza into the Hamas this
is our mission and today we did it since
the October seven Terror attacks almost
all food production in Gaza has been
halted for many desperately waiting for
trucks to arrive humanitarian Aid is the
only
Lifeline the US Secretary of State's
preparing for a day of negotiations in
Israel as he searches for agreement to a
proposed osed ceasefire deal for Gaza
Anthony blinkin will discuss hamas's
response to the draft plan brokered by
the US Qatar and Egypt the mediators are
cautiously optimistic that Hamas and
Israel could reach an
agreement hopes for a deal between
Israel and Hamas are growing as the
militant group has given its response to
a cisf fire
proposal there's still a lot of work to
be done but we continue to believe that
an agreement is possible
and indeed essential uh and we will
continue to work relentlessly to achieve
it US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
has arrived in Israel as he continues
his Middle East Shuttle diplomacy to
help seal the deal it would include the
release of hostages in Gaza in exchange
for the release of Palestinian prisoners
by Israel while not giving many details
Hamas released a statement saying it
responded to the proposal in a positive
spirit but it added that it was asking
for a complete sisire as well as the
lifting of the Gaza siege that seems
hard to reconcile with the goals set H
by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu we want Total Victory and not
only the elimination of Hamas but also
the elimination of its commanders and
their
heads the Press on Netanyahu to secure a
deal is high Israel has confirmed that
31 of the remaining hostages being held
by Hamas and Gaza are dead the Army
believes that around 100 hostages are
still alive International diplomats are
now scrambling to secure their return
which means that they're faced with one
of the toughest tasks in this war
helping Israel and Hamas find the middle
ground let's get across to Jerusalem and
our correspondent Rebecca riters Rebecca
it seems there has been some positive
feedback and Anthony blinkin is
cautiously optimistic about a deal here
how close do you think we are to seeing
a new ceasefire between Israel and
Hamas yeah CLA that is certainly what
we're hearing from the blinken camp who
arrived in Israel last night they did
see uh the Hamas counter offer to that
deal just briefly just as they were
Landing in Qatar yesterday actually and
then they discussed that they're melling
it over and they obviously Lincoln will
be discussing that with the Israelis
here in uh Israel
today as as you heard in that piece as
we're hearing from Anthony blinkin he
says he's you know cautiously optimistic
if you will but there's still quite a
long way to go uh the devil is in the
detail the framework the large um you
know the overarching framework seems to
basically have been agreed upon by both
sides but what we're seeing with the
Hamas counter offer and though we don't
know many of the details is that they
are still pushing for this permanent
ceasefire a complete withdrawal of
Israeli troops in order uh to fully
agree and get on board now that is
something that Israel and prime minister
Benjamin n now who has said absolutely
no to so whether or not Anthony blinkin
and the rest of the negotiating team can
really get the two sides to meet
somewhere in the middle Still Remains to
be seen it has to be said these things
they're not over the line until they are
over the line now if it's not 100% it's
0% so whilst there is cautious optimism
uh we could be some days weeks off and
you know there's still every opportunity
that things could fall through but
certainly looking positive at this stage
we should know more in the coming days
let's take a quick look at netanyahu's
stance here I mean he has vowed to
continue this war until total Victory by
which of course he means wiping out
Hamas uh I'm curious whether you think
this recent news of more hostage deaths
in Gaza could affect his calculations
here that's hard to say exactly whether
or not that's going to affect his
calculations but he's coming under
increasing pressure from the hostage
families and an increasing number of
Israelis who are demanding the return of
the hostages uh and that's in
competition you could say with the
demands of his own far-right Coalition
they are saying absolute Victory the end
of Hamas will stop at nothing and so
you've got competing interests there and
Benjamin Netanyahu is certainly fighting
for his own political survival trying to
sort of balance those two uh counter
objectives but whether or not you know
this will change anything obviously the
news of more dead hostages puts more
pressure on Benjamin Netanyahu it
certainly angers the Israeli population
and it certainly angers the hostage
families who've been demanding now for
weeks and months that they do more that
the government do more to try and get
the hostages out so uh the pressure is
definitely ramping up but Benjamin Yahoo
I don't think will will agree or the
government certainly won't agree to a
complete ceasefire it's looking they've
said time and time again that they won't
do that so you know pressure yes but
whether or not that will affect an
outcome uh certainly remains to be seen
clear and coming back to this proposal
that blinkin is hoping to secure what do
you think it would take for Israel to
agree to this
deal well both sides obviously in any
negotiation can't look like they're
giving away too many concessions and
that's certainly something that Israel
is aware of I'm sure it's something that
Hamas is aware of is why they've come
back with a counter proposal again uh
Israel you know as I said Benjamin
Netanyahu coming under increased
pressure to uh see some kind of you know
positive movement on this to see a
release of some of these hostages will
come some way to agreeing they already
have tacitly agreed to the framework put
in place so it is looking likely they
would agree to a limited ceasefire uh to
more Aid going into Gaza in return for
those hostages and to see the release of
some Palestinian prisoners in exchange
for that the exact number of Palestinian
prisoners is not yet known uh when the
last deal was struck the ratio was 3 to1
three pales Indian prisoners for every
hostage we could see uh something like
that be agreed upon again but I think
the the Hamas side are demanding uh for
more now you know time is running out
for them as well they're losing they're
losing their Clouts if they give up all
the hostages then what else do they
really have as a bargaining chip so you
know both sides still very far apart
even though we're seeing those positive
signs uh exactly what Israel will agree
to will certainly only be something that
they can sell to their domestic audience
here and Al to the Americans keeping
everyone on side and certainly something
that Benjamin Netanyahu will only agree
to something that he can sell to the far
members of his own party Rebecca thank
you for bringing us up to speed there
that's DW's correspondent Rebecca
ritters reporting from
Jerusalem